Allow specifying URL for GDPS (#49)
stadust/dash-rs: README.md

The project is a collaboration with [mgostIH](https://github.com/mgostIH), on whose idea the initial library design is based on and who continues to provide incredibly helpful insights into optimization, Geometry Dash and Rust.

> ## Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using dash-rs with a GDPS
```

> If you are planning to use this for your own demonlist that isn't related to the main Geometry Dash servers, you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are planning to use this library for interacting with a GDPS, you can use:
```

> `rust
> GDPS_URL.get_or_init(|| "https://your-custom-gdps-url.com".to_string());`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rust
REQUEST_BASE.get_or_init(|| "https://your-custom-gdps-url.com");`
\```
in your `fn main` (or anywhere before the first call to any dash-rs functions)
```

(without the backslack at the end, turns out putting backticks into codeblocks is quite hard haha)
